Assignment Questions & Answers
1. Who developed Python Programming Language?
Ans:-Guido Van Rossum developed Python Programming Language .
2. Which type of Programming does Python support? 
Ans:- Python is a multi-diagram programming language .it supports oopj concept, structured programming and any of their features supported functional programming and aspect -oriented programming(including metaprogramming and metaobjects)
3. Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers? 
Ans:- yes, Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers .
4. What is the correct extension of the Python file? 
Ans:- .py & .pyi  are the correct extension of the Python file .
5. Is Python code compiled or interpreted?
Ans:- It is an interpreted language so it’s code interpreted
6. Name a few blocks of code used to define in Python language? 
Ans:- Indentation is used to defiend a few block of code in Python .
7. State a character used to give single-line comments in Python? 
Ans:- # character used to give single-line comments in Python .
8. Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on? 
Ans:-sys.version functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on .
9. Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called 
Ans:-  Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called lambda .
10.what does pip stands for python ?
Ans:- pip stands for preferred installer program .
11. Mention a few built-in functions in python? 
Ans: print() , type(), input() , abs() ,max(), pow()
12. What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python?
Ans:- 79 characters is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python .
13. What are the benefits of using Python ?
Ans:- benefits of using Python 
a.Data Science 
b.Web development 
c.Finance and trading 
d.Computer graphics 
e.Basic Game development
14. How is memory managed in Python?
Ans:- memory management in python involves a private heap heap containing all python objects and data structures .the management of this privet heap is ensured internally by the python memory manager.
15. How to install Python on Windows and set path variables? 
Ans:- Right-clicking This PC and going to Properties.
Clicking on the Advanced system settings in the menu on the left.
Clicking on the Environment Variables button o​n the bottom right.
In the System variables section, selecting the Path variable and clicking on Edit. The next screen will show all the directories that are currently a part of the PATH variable.
Clicking on New and entering Python’s install directory.
Python can now be used directly from the command prompt without having to write its location. Try executing the command Python –version; it will output the version of Python installed on your system.
16. Is indentation required in python ?
Ans :- Yes python required indentation

                               #### END####
